Update attachment-get.md (#21573)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/api/attachment-get.md

| **message** | MIME format. See [example](#example-9-get-the-mime-raw-contents-of-a-meeting-invitation-item-attachment-on-a-message). |

Attempting to get the `$value` of a reference attachment returns HTTP 405.
> [!NOTE]

> > Depending on the requested files MIME type the byte stream output maybe in the response via link to email attachment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When certain files are requested, MIME can encode the byte stream output in the response and provide a link to download the file as an email attachment.
```

Reviewer: @MSFT-AN, please review my suggestion.
